[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>SWARUU: You are a lot more
than only what you see in 3D,
but the matrix wants to convince
you that 3D is all there is.
But deep inside you
know you are multi-D.
>>GOSIA DUSZAK: So
how do you call the 3D
matrix from your level?
>>SWARUU: For us,
it's just a frequency
managing and
suppressing machine.
That's all the matrix is for us.
Suppressor would be the name.
>>GOSIA: And the initial matrix?
>>SWARUU: That's the
universe, but we also
understand it as an energy
consciousness matrix.
>>GOSIA: OK.
Let's talk about the
reptilian hack of the matrix.
What do you mean by that?
>>SWARUU: The hack is
technological as well as
mind controlling the people.
The matrix is a real
frequency control.
The hack controls
the lunar matrix--
physical one, if you may--
reading your thoughts and wishes
that are a frequency in itself.
So the hack works as it's
instructing the people
to manifest the same things.
But as they are guided by
another species' interests,
then what results is not in the
best interests of the people.
The system feeds and
modifies the lunar "real"
hard one, with the
imposing ideas.
>>GOSIA: So the hack
is technological too.
I thought it was only
purely mind control.
>>SWARUU: It's technological,
mental, esoteric,
and ideocratic.
It's using all the
levels and tricks it can.
They first manipulated the
system with controlling ideas
so the matrix would
work for them.
And since, like, 1960-ish,
they physically managed
to get their hands on
the lunar computers.
From 2008 to 2017,
Taygetans were in control.
And from 2017 to this date,
the Arcturians-Dieslientiplex
are the ones in control
of the lunar matrix.
>>GOSIA: What changes did
they do to the computer
program in the 1960s?
>>SWARUU: They hardened the
matrix to their convenience,
making it super
dense and super hard.
Still is, making escaping
nearly impossible.
Hacking also the reincarnation
program or the ether fence
that surrounds the Earth.
>>GOSIA: So the
matrix, the 3D matrix,
is not necessarily bad or good.
It is just a sort of virtual
game placed upon the 5D world.
It is what it is used for
then that makes it bad?
The hack made it bad?
>>SWARUU: It's
the interpretation
and the use you give it.
It's not bad inherently.
It's now used for a bad purpose.
>>GOSIA: OK.
Let's talk about the hack
as the idea's imposition.
When the matrix was set
up 12,500 years ago,
the reptiles' technology
was destroyed.
So they started to use the
very mechanics of the matrix
to entrap the remaining humans
on Earth with their mind
control.
At which point did
they hack it really?
>>SWARUU: They did it little by
little with a lot of patience.
They can have patience, because
they don't have 90 year or so
lifespans, but there are
important milestone places.
The most important one or
relevant one is 1,400 BC.
King Akhenaten implemented
the monotheistic idea
on the Egyptian
people, making them
forget the polytheistic
approach that also included
the cult of the goddess.
It came from Aten,
Atenism, Ra, Horus.
The monotheistic approach
of King Akhenaten
is solar worshipping.
The Egyptian people, who were
very tolerant, by the way,
ended up giving
Akhenaten a coup,
and they expelled the pharaoh
and his followers from Egypt.
And they walked the
desert for 40 years,
not knowing where to go.
And in Mount Sinai,
the king Akhenaten
left them while he
went up to see his kin
and made a plan with
the remaining reptiles.
Moses, Akhenaten.
>>GOSIA: Oh, wow.
It seems we opened a
big can of worms here.
>>SWARUU: Yes, it is.
But to cut this short,
the expelled Egyptians
went on to found
places like Rome
where they are still today,
influencing Etruscan culture
as well.
And the solar cult is
still in place today.
>>GOSIA: I love how you make it
all sound so simple sometimes,
and how it all just
falls right into place.
And so this was one of
the ways for reptiles
to hack the system, by imposing
their religious monotheistic
systems?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
The system is hacked
using beliefs imposed
on the people as a hive mind.
They do this with fear, so they
have to design a new religion.
This was the hacking system.
If you have everyone
thinking the same way
and doing the same, you have
them marching in unison.
Therefore, you make them
manifest the reality you want.
Next milestone is the
full implementation
of the Christian theology.
The concept is to isolate
the people from the divine.
The whole New
Testament was written
under the orders
of Rome, reptilians
and their descendants
of the expelled people
from Egypt that
followed Akhenaten.
And it's based on a
stoic, Roman, Egyptian,
and Celtic-Druidic
teachings, mostly.
>>GOSIA: And the Old Testament?
>>SWARUU: The Old Testament
is the history of Atlantis.
You must learn how to
read it, as it's coded.
It reads like a fairy tale
for the non-initiated,
but it takes a new
meaning for those
who know what to look for.
For example, each
time you encounter
a name in the Old Testament,
think more of a race of people
and not about an individual.
So Adam and Eve are not
people, but races of people.
Think of it that way and
it takes a new meaning.
>>GOSIA: Yes.
And Elohim mentioned in the
Bible are the race of beings.
>>SWARUU: Yes.
Elohim are the expelled ones.
>>GOSIA: They're reptiles?
>>SWARUU: Yes, they're reptiles.
But the Elohim are
also a race of people
who live in the Pleiades
star system, another big can
of worms.
So it is complex.
>>GOSIA: OK.
Let's go back to the hack.
>>SWARUU: The major hack
was the implementation
of the monster of three horns.
Christianity, Judaism, Islam.
They are variants of the
same lies, just tailored
for different people.
Then once the people were
subdued with fear, mostly
from religion, they implemented
another three-horned monster,
this recent, 200, 300 years ago.
Vatican, religious
control over the people.
Washington, military
control over people.
And London, financial
They have a near global
system of control
using all governments, nearly
all as puppets, as you know,
where the people believe
entirely one thing
and they another.
The most important
hack in general
is to be able to implement a
complete false reality based
on impulse ideas of how
everything works, this
leading to the
people manifesting
for them the matrix reality
the negative ones want.
>>GOSIA: They can't
manifest it themselves?
They don't have the
same mental power.
>>SWARUU: They can.
But if they do so, the
people would be free,
and they wouldn't be able to
exploit them for energy, food.
They are manifesting a reality
where they are the lords
and the people serve them
in every possible way.
>>GOSIA: So they
manipulate us not only
so we can help them generate
the reality they want, but also
to keep us as slaves
so we don't escape.
>>SWARUU: Exactly.
And now even after death, they
exploit and manipulate people.
After people die,
they intercept them
in what you call
lower astral or 4D,
and they say that they
haven't been nice enough.
They show them their lives,
recorded technologically.
After all, it's a matrix,
and all is recorded.
They insist that
they must pay karma,
and their people
are reincarnated.
They don't go back to
source, because that
is what they expect to see.
Then heaven or hell
is the result of guilt
or what a person firmly
believes he deserves.
And it is the very person
that is generating that.
So everything is due to the
mental control or perception
that each soul has.
But this is easily
overcome with the knowledge
that you are going wherever
you have to go by right.
It is the idea of
blame, of karma,
which is nothing more
than a religious belief
that forces souls to return.
>>GOSIA: Any other important
milestones of the hack?
>>SWARUU: It's very gradual.
Other milestones I would
include each time they
have managed to invade other
people like Native Americans,
Africans, or other cultures.
But the biggest
matrix-hacking milestones
are religious or technological,
like the invention
of mass media via
radio and television
where they have people there
looking and being indoctrinated
all the time into thinking
the way they should.
Technological milestones
are first the mass media
and the brain-controlled
mind control ones
using microwaves
and hard technology.
But also, the development of
space travel and real working
starships implemented
by the SSP,
developed mostly by the
reptilians, as nearly all
their technology was destroyed
since the great flood pole
shift, this after 1947 mostly.
>>GOSIA: What about having
to work as a controlling
and dumbing mechanism?
I feel it is a very important
concept here that really
limits people's expansion.
I mean, the concept
of having to work
so we can survive so
we don't have time
to devote to self-exploration.
We are set on the survival mode.
>>SWARUU: Yes.
Yes.
That's all part of the
belief system implemented
by using brainwash main control,
because the people simply
don't think that there
is another way to live.
They are always thinking
that life is hard,
so working and fighting
is a noble thing to do.
They don't see any other option.
No other reality.
And what do people do
when they get home, tired?
They watch television
where they are being
mind controlled even more.
>>GOSIA: Yes, exactly.
You put it so well.
Working and fighting
is something noble.
Exactly.
They are tricked.
It's nonsense.
The reptiles hacked it
so well that they make
the slaves feel like heroes.
>>SWARUU: And you
are absolutely right.
No better slave than the
one who doesn't think he is.
>>GOSIA: How do you know so much
about us here, being up there?
>>SWARUU: We have been studying
Earth since 1952 directly,
and we have a lot of data
from older expeditions,
although Taygetans came
to Earth since 1919.
In recent times, of course.
>>GOSIA: I understand.
And now I'm wondering how
come, such good programmers
that you are, you let them
hack the lunar matrix systems.
There were no
preventive measures?
>>SWARUU: Simple
and straight answer.
It was wrongly left unattended.
>>GOSIA: You mean
by the Federation?
Did they just leave?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
It was weak and hurt
with many losses.
The solar system was a mess back
then because of the destruction
of Tiamat.
It was left unattended.
This was wrong.
Sorry, but we are
not perfect beings.
We are people.
We do make mistakes.
That's also why we are here,
to do their cleaning up.
>>GOSIA: No problem, Swaruu.
How long was it left alone for?
>>SWARUU: 12,500
years, until 2008.
But what I said above was
unattending the matrix computer
system.
Some individual people,
Taygetans and other races,
have always been around
in some way or another.
And now, as of now,
countless species
are helping from the inside.
Starseeds too.
Humans only see time as a
one-lane road like those
in the countryside, where if a
vehicle drives against another
one approaching from
the opposite direction,
both must very carefully move
to the side to let another one
pass, because two cars cannot
physically fit on the same
asphalt road.
So they think that things
are like that everywhere.
As I perceive time
using the same analogy,
it is like a highway
with eight lanes,
but also with levels
one above the other
where a car can not only change
lanes to the one it wants,
left and right, but
up and down too.
Left and right, back and forth.
It doesn't matter.
Another analogy.
Humans see time as a line.
The arrow of time,
as they describe it.
I see a bubble
within another bubble
within another bubble to
infinity and eternal expansion.
So I don't just see
a series of events
as a sequential
line in the way how
people want me to explain
to them as what is brewing
in the future on a single line.
But I see it as events that
change continuously, jump
between one another and
influence each other.
As in this last image, time
expands in any direction, one
and each line being
only a sequence
of events in particular
that is observed
as it progresses to develop.
Not necessarily forward in time,
also receding like a vessel
that has been broken and you
see how it is being rebuilt.
Like a sheet of paper
that is unburning.
Although humans see this as
an impossibility and something
that violates the laws
of thermodynamics,
it is not so from other angles.
Only from the limited
time arrow that they see.
Each red point is
the nexus point,
which is where the energy and
events of a series of lines
or a line converge
and influence others.
So from any point,
you have the influence
of other points being that,
for example, the past, present,
and future are all intertwined
and as a single whole, a unit,
being temporarily animated
only by where the attention is
placed and at will.
I see a chain of events,
but I see similar chains
with their own outcomes,
all equally valid,
all simultaneously, constantly
influencing each other.
What is understood on Earth as
parallel universes or timelines
is basically garbage.
They denote limitation and
isolation from each other,
while it is a whole that works
together and beyond all time.
It is each individual
who animates
everything in a specific way.
When it comes to
geometric shapes,
time is an ever-expanding scalar
bubble, both already expanded
and at the same time not.
And simultaneously, it also
contracts without contradicting
itself in its energy dynamics.
Toroid within
toroid within toroid
with the mind at the
center or motor of it.
So with that in mind, what I
see is that on the eight-lane
and eight-level super
highway, what will come
is more confinements and more
restrictions, progressively
tighter.
Economies will collapse.
People will panic
and attack those
who don't follow the rules.
It all depends on humans,
on what they manifest,
as I have been saying, and
I have tired of saying.
Nothing is set in stone.
Everything I describe
above is not deterministic.
They are in control
of everything.
And I mean the
people themselves.
I know it doesn't look
like that from there,
from the surface and from the
point of view of the family who
will be taken out of their
house because they cannot pay
the mortgage, because
that's what 3D is all about,
giving your free will up
for a collective experience.
And even so with
what little you have
left to get ahead as a soul
if not as a body biology.
So in this case,
as in any other,
the only thing
that matters is how
you are inside, what you think.
Your values, morals, ethics,
and level of consciousness
always changing,
always expanding,
leaving behind what
does not serve you
without any attachments,
because those slow you down.
Values on Earth are reversed.
What doesn't matter matters,
and what really matters
doesn't, money and material.
Bodily satisfaction
is what matters.
Immediate gratification with
a low level of consciousness,
materialistic and deterministic,
that's what matters there.
The mind, the spirit, what you
take with you when you die,
that does not
matter, just as life
itself does not matter,
neither that of people,
nor that of animals,
nor that of plants.
Ethics, morals, consciousness
does not matter.
Only obeying the masters.
And that is where
the human error lies.
That brings their destruction.
But the key is not to
defeat the big corporations
or the villains, because
villains only have power
because the same
people give it to them.
The key is not politicians
then realizing progressively
but very quickly that this
is all a hoax, that nothing
is happening.
Yet this always comes
at great cost to people.
Great cost, because
it depends on them
realizing en masse that
they are being manipulated.
And this causes people
to react with protests,
and this follows with subsequent
government retaliation.
So all progress
towards the positive
will bring a strong reaction
in people confronting
each other because
of the very confusion
to which they are
being subjected.
In almost all timelines--
let's say 50 out of 64,
not being able to be precise--
the cabal does not achieve its
primary purpose or objective
in the long run, while they
do achieve it temporarily.
But broken shoes is the key.
What every little person
out there feeling like trash
can do by learning to use a
simple two-letter word, no.
Everything that
happens is a reflection
of the mind of broken shoes.
They are the creators, not
the cabal, not the Federation.
Those are reflections
of their psyche.
They are gods, but
they want to play
that, whatever it's called.
And that is what they
have and will have.
Nothing and no one can
stop what will happen.
Only them, because
it comes out of them.
They are the cause
and the solution.
[THEME MUSIC]